docs: Update README.md with major changes (#385)
getsentry/sentry-fastlane-plugin: README.md

  sentry_debug_files_upload(id: 'abc123')
  ```

#### Authentication Changes

- **All actions**: The `api_key` parameter has been removed in favor of `auth_token`. All actions now require `auth_token` for authentication. Update your Fastfiles:
  ```ruby

>   # Before

Reviewer: `m`: I guess it would be good to be a bit more specific when it was removed, and what exactly before and after is. I think we only need to add version numbers.

  sentry_debug_files_upload(api_key: '...')
  
  # After
  sentry_debug_files_upload(auth_token: '...')
  ```

#### Parameter Behavior Changes

> - **`sentry_debug_files_upload`**: The `path` parameter default behavior has changed. It now defaults to `DSYM_OUTPUT_PATH` from fastlane's lane context if available (set by actions like `build_app` or `ipa`), otherwise falls back to `'.'` (current directory). This changes the default behavior when `DSYM_OUTPUT_PATH` is set. If you were relying on the previous behavior of always searching from the current directory, explicitly specify `path: '.'`:

Reviewer: `m`: I would be a bit more specific about what `now` exactly is.

> - **`sentry_debug_files_upload`**: The `path` parameter default behavior has changed. It now defaults to `DSYM_OUTPUT_PATH` from fastlane's lane context if available (set by actions like `build_app` or `ipa`), otherwise falls back to `'.'` (current directory). This changes the default behavior when `DSYM_OUTPUT_PATH` is set. If you were relying on the previous behavior of always searching from the current directory, explicitly specify `path: '.'`:

Author: ```suggestion
- **`sentry_debug_files_upload`**: The `path` parameter default behavior has changed. Starting with [v2.0.0-rc.1](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-fastlane-plugin/releases/v2.0.0-rc.1) it defaults to `DSYM_OUTPUT_PATH` from fastlane's lane context if available (set by actions like `build_app` or `ipa`), otherwise falls back to `'.'` (current directory). This changes the default behavior when `DSYM_OUTPUT_PATH` is set. If you were relying on the previous behavior of always searching from the current directory, explicitly specify `path: '.'`:
```
